CONTRIBUTING.rst, before:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at https://github.com/pcdshub/ads-server/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

Fix Bugs
~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "feature"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Write Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

ads-server could always use more documentation, whether
as part of the official ads-server docs, in docstrings,
or even on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

Submit Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/pcdshub/ads-server/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `ads-server` for local development.

1. Fork the `ads-server` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/ads-server.git

3. Install your local copy into a new conda environment. Assuming you have conda installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ conda create -n ads-server python=3.7
    $ cd ads-server/
    $ pip install -e .

4. Create a branch for local development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8::

    $ flake8 ads-server

6. Add new tests for any additional functionality or bugs you may have discovered.  And, of course, be sure that all previous tests still pass by running::

    $ python run_tests.py -v

7. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

8. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put your
   new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the feature to
   the list in README.rst.
3. The pull request should work for Python 3.5 and up. Check
   https://travis-ci.org/pcdshub/ads-server/pull_requests
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Commit message:

BLD: ads-server -> ads-async

CONTRIBUTING.rst, after:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at https://github.com/pcdshub/ads-async/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

Fix Bugs
~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "feature"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Write Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

ads-async could always use more documentation, whether
as part of the official ads-async docs, in docstrings,
or even on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

Submit Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/pcdshub/ads-async/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `ads-async` for local development.

1. Fork the `ads-async` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/ads-async.git

3. Install your local copy into a new conda environment. Assuming you have conda installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ conda create -n ads-async python=3.7
    $ cd ads-async/
    $ pip install -e .

4. Create a branch for local development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8::

    $ flake8 ads_async

6. Add new tests for any additional functionality or bugs you may have discovered.  And, of course, be sure that all previous tests still pass by running::

    $ python run_tests.py -v

7. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

8. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put your
   new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the feature to
   the list in README.rst.
3. The pull request should work for Python 3.5 and up. Check
   https://travis-ci.org/pcdshub/ads-async/pull_requests
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.
